question answering task
city
question ordering problem
organ
question analysis
knowledge bases developed
trec
trec-9
city
question answering task
knowledge bases is
regular expression
pronominal anaphora is
coupling siac and
bird
coupling siac and
knowledge bases developed
vector space model
question taggings have
siac
expected answer types
ztrm
trec-8
named entity recognition
organ
name
name
question analysis
named entity recognition
knowledge bases is
vector space model
expected answer types
trec
question ordering problem
question taggings have
ztrm
trec-8
trec-9
organ
pronominal anaphora is
siac
city
question answering task
knowledge bases is
bird
expected answer types
question taggings have
vector space model
trec-8
bird
siac
trec-9
question ordering problem
ztrm
question analysis
trec
coupling siac and
name
named entity recognition
pronominal anaphora is
knowledge bases developed
