k-nearest neighbor
question answering begins
logarithm mutual information
fisher
ma-keywords
outdoor
question answering begins
logarithm mutual information
fisher
detection similar with
fisher
black decrease point
outdoor
mutual information means
trec
mutual information higher
ma-keywords
gradual changes is
black increase point
extraction according to
wordnet
mutual information means
mutual information higher
mutual information means
trec
mutual information higher
black decrease point
outdoor
trec
logarithm mutual information
black increase point
extraction according to
black decrease point
extraction according to
gradual changes is
gradual changes is
question answering begins
wordnet
ma-keywords
black increase point
detection similar with
detection similar with
wordnet
