framenet
question coreference module
factoid
question coreference module
answer selection module
keyword expansion module
target processing module
taser
tion
answer selection recent
question coreference module
event
trec
aquaint
maximum entropy classifier
authored
framenet
ranking following answer
answer selection modules
aquaint
answer selection module
cicerolite
factoid
cicerolite
framenetbased
trec
maximum entropy classifier
event
target processing module
answer selection modules
authored
ranking following answer
framenet
keyword expansion module
tion
framenetbased
answer selection recent
taser
ranking following answer
tion
authored
taser
maximum entropy classifier
target processing module
cicerolite
answer selection recent
factoid
event
framenetbased
trec
keyword expansion module
aquaint
answer selection module
answer selection modules
