local information is
wordnet
local information that
global information
robust track of
robust track of
n-gram
trec
using local information
n-gram
n-gram
r-precision
global information based
america
robust track at
local information
robust track
global information and
r-precision
trec
global information that
global information
trec
using local information
local information and
local information and
local information that
local information is
synonymy
global information and
local information and
america
synonymy
wordnet
wordnet
r-precision
global information that
america
global information there
robust track of
local information
global information are
global information are
robust track at
global information based
using local information
global information is
local information that
robust track
global information based
global information is
global information is
global information that
local information
global information there
query expansion
robust track
global information there
global information are
global information
synonymy
robust track at
global information and
local information is
